1. Zoom in the camera a bit. go to 75%
2. move 1 set of teleporters to the top and bottom. 
3. make the small map the main map 
4. diversify the map a bit. not so repitious. have 4 different zones for 4 diferent corners. 
5. add depths to the map. add stairs at certain points around the map that allow you up on the rooftops. players are hidden on the rooftops but can see below. they can jump down at any time to go for a kill only exists on 2/4 corners. the other 2 are going to have sewer ssytems underenath them that players can enter. while in a sewer they cannot see but they get 100% arrow up time on their tracked player. this allows them to stalk them to the entry points of sewers then pop out and get a kill
5a: currently the map is too open. it needs to be tightened up. more emphasis on long streets with long buildings on each side. for the corners with roof tops, long streetse are prefered. to access a side street, have small alleyways. for the areas with sewers, again tighter but can be more open than the street based corners with rooftops. emphasis there will be using the sewer and staying hidden and locating enemies with arrows. make the underground sewer area a no kill zone. 
5b: sewer entracnes and rooftops can be bought for exlcusive usage by the player in exchange for exposure. say 20%. at any time they can click/use a button on it after using it to claim it. additionally, an entrance to a sewer or a rooftop can only be used once every 15 seconds by any player. there will be global cooldown to avoid spam. same goes for teleporters. use of sewage or rooftop does not increase exposure by itself. 
6. in 3-4 player lobbys game doesnt end until theres 1 man left standing. winner is determined by most points. 
7. lobby system. rematch button after a game ends. 
8. if youre the first one to kill all your NPCs you get to know what your target looks like. this gives you an advantage and incentives fast play. similarly once a player reaches 100% exposure other players will get to know what htey look like when the arrow displays their location. since there will be up to 3 of these per game, put the faceplates at the top of known identities. red for your target after killing NPCs and blue for exposure related identities. 
9. raise NPC target to 2 targets per match instead of just 1. 
10. make teleporter usage increase exposure if it doesnt already. 
11. Start to add some items to the class. base kit has 2 items. 1 is a smoke grenade. it causes the player to go invisible, they cannot attack during this time for up to 10 seconds. 2. a cloaking device turns off all non exposure related arrow systems (so basically just the NPC completion arrow) for 15 seconds. make these easily fine tunable with obvious variables. 
12. at the start of the game have a minimum of 1 screen distance between players for spawning. we dont want players spawning right next to each other. 
13. NPCs marked for kill do not traverse the whole map. they generally stay within a small zone location. when handing out contracts NPCs should be at minimum 2 screens apart. 